README.md, before:

- 🌱 Hi, I’m @mikemckanna I’m currently on a knowledge sharing journey.
- 👀 I’m interested in Cloud (Architecture, Security, Adoption), AI, and other advanced technologies.
- 🎥 See my [YouTube channel for The Walking PM](http://www.youtube.com/@TheWalkingPM).
- 🗣️ See my favorite quotes [page](/Quotes.md).
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on content creation tips to help be more effective. 
- 🪢 Connect with me https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelpmckanna/
- 🏢 Visit my company site for new posts, insights, and engagement opportunities https://www.adno-llc.com/
- 📖 Prepare for the Microsoft Azure Security Engineer Associate AZ-500 exam with my [study guide](/az500-guide.md).

## My core philosophy - 12 Tenets for success in an ever-evolving technological world:
1. **"No pressure. No diamonds."** [Thomas Carlyle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Carlyle) Nothing good comes without challenges - embrace them and learn from them. They will only make you better.  
2. **Be Humble.** You do nothing in this world by yourself. Everything you've done came with some support from individuals or groups. Recognize it and don't overestimate your capabilities as a loner. 
3. **Have Empathy.** We are all humans and going through something at some point time. Work on Emotional Intelligence (EQ) to recognize and internalize what others are experiencing.  
4. **"Only mediocre people are perfect all the time."** [Jean Giraudoux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Giraudoux) No matter what the goals or experience are, we all fumble with these once in a while and forgiveness/understanding should be part of your core values for when you're on the receiving end.  
5. **Trust is the most important factor in relationships.** Without trust,  it's a zero-sum game. Be open and honest. 
6. **Communicate EFFECTIVELY.** There is such a thing as over communicating and feedback is a critical element of communication, especially in project management; no one can read minds, if you don't communicate your thoughts/feelings, nothing will get accomplished. (Hold Ask Me Anythings; anonymous feedback forms) 
7. **THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS MULTI-TASKING!** There is only switch-tasking, which is a crime because it steals your productivity; the brain can only focus on ONE cognitive task at a time. PERIOD. There is no getting around this fact of nature. [Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking,_Fast_and_Slow)
8. **"Better to remain silent and to be thought a fool than to open mouth and remove all doubt."** Abrahan Lincoln  
9. **Think like an entrepreneur.** What if this project was YOUR OWN SMALL BUSINESS? How  would you go about running things? What priorities would you identify and focus on? Take ownership and empower yourself.  
10. **"No plan survives first contact with the enemy."** [Battle Management Mantra.](https://www.google.com/search?q=no+plan+survives+first+contact+with+the+enemy&oq=no+plan+sur&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgBEAAYgAQyBggCEEUYOTIHCAMQABiABDIHCAQQABiABDIHCAUQABiABDIHCAYQABiABDIGCAcQRRg80gEIMjk1MWowajSoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) A plan doesn’t need to be a super-detailed document - it only needs to list the desired outcomes, highlights of how to get there, and what are some fall backs if snags occur (risks/issues). Most details aren’t realized until resistance presents itself, so it’s not worth the effort to spend valuable time on it too soon.   On the flip side – FAILING TO PLAN EQUALS PLANNING TO FAIL! 
11. **Beware complacency.** Don’t rest on your past accomplishments - continue to challenge yourself effectively and embrace the friction. Lean into discomfort. "The only easy day was yesterday!" [Navy SEAL training mantra.] 
12. **"Complaining about a problem without proposing a solution is called whining."** Teddy Roosevelt. Whining is unacceptable!
    
<!---
mikemckanna/mikemckanna is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Add AB-900 study guide to README
Added a study guide for the Microsoft Copilot & Agent Administration Fundamentals Certification AB-900 exam.

README.md, after:

- 🌱 Hi, I’m @mikemckanna I’m currently on a knowledge sharing journey.
- 👀 I’m interested in Cloud (Architecture, Security, Adoption), AI, and other advanced technologies.
- 🎥 See my [YouTube channel for The Walking PM](http://www.youtube.com/@TheWalkingPM).
- 🗣️ See my favorite quotes [page](/Quotes.md).
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on content creation tips to help be more effective. 
- 🪢 Connect with me https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelpmckanna/
- 🏢 Visit my company site for new posts, insights, and engagement opportunities https://www.adno-llc.com/
- 📖 Prepare for the Microsoft Azure Security Engineer Associate AZ-500 exam with my [study guide](/az500-guide.md).
- 📚 Prepare for the Microsoft Copilot & Agent Administration Fundamentals Certification AB-900 exam with my [study guide](/ab-900-guide.md)

## My core philosophy - 12 Tenets for success in an ever-evolving technological world:
1. **"No pressure. No diamonds."** [Thomas Carlyle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Carlyle) Nothing good comes without challenges - embrace them and learn from them. They will only make you better.  
2. **Be Humble.** You do nothing in this world by yourself. Everything you've done came with some support from individuals or groups. Recognize it and don't overestimate your capabilities as a loner. 
3. **Have Empathy.** We are all humans and going through something at some point time. Work on Emotional Intelligence (EQ) to recognize and internalize what others are experiencing.  
4. **"Only mediocre people are perfect all the time."** [Jean Giraudoux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Giraudoux) No matter what the goals or experience are, we all fumble with these once in a while and forgiveness/understanding should be part of your core values for when you're on the receiving end.  
5. **Trust is the most important factor in relationships.** Without trust,  it's a zero-sum game. Be open and honest. 
6. **Communicate EFFECTIVELY.** There is such a thing as over communicating and feedback is a critical element of communication, especially in project management; no one can read minds, if you don't communicate your thoughts/feelings, nothing will get accomplished. (Hold Ask Me Anythings; anonymous feedback forms) 
7. **THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS MULTI-TASKING!** There is only switch-tasking, which is a crime because it steals your productivity; the brain can only focus on ONE cognitive task at a time. PERIOD. There is no getting around this fact of nature. [Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking,_Fast_and_Slow)
8. **"Better to remain silent and to be thought a fool than to open mouth and remove all doubt."** Abrahan Lincoln  
9. **Think like an entrepreneur.** What if this project was YOUR OWN SMALL BUSINESS? How  would you go about running things? What priorities would you identify and focus on? Take ownership and empower yourself.  
10. **"No plan survives first contact with the enemy."** [Battle Management Mantra.](https://www.google.com/search?q=no+plan+survives+first+contact+with+the+enemy&oq=no+plan+sur&gs_lcrp=EgZjaHJvbWUqBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgAEAAYgAQyBwgBEAAYgAQyBggCEEUYOTIHCAMQABiABDIHCAQQABiABDIHCAUQABiABDIHCAYQABiABDIGCAcQRRg80gEIMjk1MWowajSoAgCwAgA&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) A plan doesn’t need to be a super-detailed document - it only needs to list the desired outcomes, highlights of how to get there, and what are some fall backs if snags occur (risks/issues). Most details aren’t realized until resistance presents itself, so it’s not worth the effort to spend valuable time on it too soon.   On the flip side – FAILING TO PLAN EQUALS PLANNING TO FAIL! 
11. **Beware complacency.** Don’t rest on your past accomplishments - continue to challenge yourself effectively and embrace the friction. Lean into discomfort. "The only easy day was yesterday!" [Navy SEAL training mantra.] 
12. **"Complaining about a problem without proposing a solution is called whining."** Teddy Roosevelt. Whining is unacceptable!
    
<!---
mikemckanna/mikemckanna is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
